# Leaflet-HW

1-Briefly explain the logic for generating the base map.

Using Leaflet you generate a tile layer to select the map do you want from the Leaflet site, in this fuction (tileLayer) you can set the attributes you want, as the size of the map, the max you can zoom, the type of map.
Then, you create the map by pointing where in the html file you want it to shows up, and finally add the tile to the map.

2-Describe how the JSON was loaded and how was the data traversed. Explain how was the information from the JSON used to render data on the map.

We use D3 to retrieves the data from geoJSON file. The geoJSON file gives the coordenates and the magnitude, using this information in 2 different functions to generate the markers according to the radius. 

3-Explain the logic for generating the circles and amending the size of them. What does this communicate?

To generate the circules you compare the sizes of the radius under the variable magnitude in the geoJSON, so in the switch loop you set hte conditions to generate the colors based on the size of the radius.

4-Describe how the layer for the Tectonic plates was generated.

The Tectonic plates layer is generated after you use D3 to extract the data from the geoJSON in the address given, after been extracted you set a color for the plates and is added to the tectonicplates LayerGroup then, added to the map. 

5-What are the components in the layer control? How were they generated?

The layer control has the 3 diffrent maps (satellite, gray, outdoor styles) and the tectonic plates and earthquake markers. Using the function tileLayer from leaflet you generate the 3 maps with all the settings mentioned before, in the case of the markers they are generated using the information storaged in the geoJSON files and creating styles with the functions styleInfo and getColor. Then all the layers are added to the control layer and  added to the map. 

6-Explain the difference between the base map (tile layer) and the data layer(s).

The base map is the one used by default, showing when we render the app. The data layers are all the additional components we want to generate to get better understanding of the visualization, like new map styles and/or markers (depending on the visualization).

7-Walk through the logic of how the legend was generated and rendered on the page.

The legend was generated by an anonimous function setting the grades of the earthquakes magnitude and the colors corresponding to the the grades. In the same anonimous fuction was created a div container with "info legend" ID, where it will shown in the app, and finally it is added to the map with the function addTo.
